The Apostle Paul had managed Timothy to preach the word
to be edit urgently in favorable times and difficult times.
Paul also set the example and was able to say that he did not hold back
from teaching publicly and from house to house.
Like Paul, you dear brothers and sisters are seeking out interested people
in a variety of ways.
The service committee of the governing body has oversight
of this evangelizing work worldwide.
We rejoice over the many good reports we have received
from special metropolitan public witnessing since it began in 2011.
We commend you for supporting this initiative by your participation
and by your generous donations to the worldwide work.
Thousands who have not been reached before are receiving Bible literature
and are being directed to JW.org.
More important, brothers and sisters are starting Bible studies.
We'd like to share a report from the Netherlands.
In Amsterdam, an annual event provided an opportunity for our brothers
to give a witness to millions of visitors.
Take special note of the planning and preparation needed
to bear thorough witness in more than a dozen languages
and see how Jehovah blessed their zeal and love for people.
Sail Amsterdam is one of the largest free nautical events in the world.
For five days, two million visitors could admire hundreds
of the world's most impressive sailing ships.
To reach all these people with the good news from the Bible,
about 700 Jehovah's Witnesses were present at over 30 locations around the city.
Their self-sacrificing spirit resulted in over 6,000 pieces of literature
spread in more than 12 languages and several new Bible studies.
From all over the world, people are coming to Amsterdam.
That's why we want to reach them in their own language.
It was exciting to meet with them more than 600 volunteers.
We were prepared for the sailing event and it was amazing to be with so many
to give such a great witness.
The demonstrations focused primarily on promoting JW.org,
not only the online videos, but also on how to help interested ones
complete the online contact request form.
We ordered 80 cards and 27,000 publications in 13 languages.
I enjoyed seeing how Jehovah drew individuals to the literature stands
using not just one, but many.
I saw so many cards with Bible Teachbooks.
Really cool. Very cool.
If they hesitated to take a book from the first literature stand,
then there was always a second or a third.
Each book contained an invitation for the talk,
how real is God to you?
Which was held in 10 different languages.
There are so much effort that is being done just to give everyone an opportunity
to learn about Jehovah.
We were cycling in the city when we saw a stand with books.
So we decided to talk to the standing next to it.
We have two hour shifts from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. with three volunteers at every location.
When traveling on public transportation, such as a tram,
people get all curious and start talking to you.
People from all over the world pass our cards.
Some speak Russian, others Arabic, French, Italian or Spanish.
And they can all find publications in their own language.
And when they see the different language labels,
they often take a book to check whether it's really their language.
And that's when the smile appears on their face.
And when they walk on, it's often with that smile and a book in their hands.
One woman passing by, saw her own language.
She started smiling and said,
German? German?
She promised to read the book at evening and return it the next day.
When we told her that she could keep it,
she was like, can I really keep it?
Really?
Some brothers have been assigned to supply the different cards.
Either by bicycle, on foot or by tram.
At some locations, we distribute it more than 15 books per hour.
A farcey speaking man approached our card.
So I greeted him in farcey saying,
hello, how are you?
He said, that's what I like about you people.
You really try to reach everyone in their own language.
We stick next to a tram stop so the passengers could see our card.
One of the tram drivers opened the door and asked,
can I have a book as well?
So we gave her a copy and she drove on.
One brother was approached by a man
and he was able to read Revelation 21, 3 and 4 to him.
The man was so moved that he started crying
and even agreed to a Bible study.
Jehovah is clearly reaching out to all these people,
telling them, look, look at all the good things I want for you.
It struck me how many people are still looking for answers.
There's still so much work to do.
This isn't man's work.
Seeing Jehovah's hand in this warms my heart.
It's amazing.
It exceeded our expectations.
We hope many have gained a better understanding
of the golden future promised by Jehovah,
the creator of heaven, earth and the sea.